You have a face
Why can't I come?
Really? Who is this guy?
How do you dress like a bumpkin?
him
A trash that was taken out by the Shen family has arrived
So he is what you said
The lowly village woman from the mountain
That Heavenly Fiend Lone Star who killed his family?
It stinks to death for the whole family, so unlucky
Who invited this funeral newcomer to the dinner party?
I remember our dinner party has a threshold
How did he get in? Who knows?
Probably after being invited out the door
Did you hook up with someone again?
Ye Zhen, I don't think you were beaten enough last time, right?
If your mouth itches
I don't recommend rewarding you with a few more.
Who dares to touch my granddaughter-in-law?
probe
Grandma, I
Hmph, you Heavenly Fiend Lone Star
You stay away from Zhenzhen
Hum I tell you
Only Zhenzhen is my future granddaughter-in-law
If you dare to bully her again, I will not forgive you.
Come and get out
Get out of the school gate
Have you run out of tricks?
If I run out, it's my turn
What do you want?
Don't worry, there are so many people, I won't hit you.
I just want to be in front of everyone
Demystify your trick
What trick?
What nonsense are you talking about?